README.md, before:

# infra
repository for my home infra using infrastructure as code

## things in here
explanation of main directories

- the 3 main ones:
	- `ansible` includes ansible automation being built for configuring the proxmox hosts as well as the virtual machines created with terraform
	- `terraform` includes terraform configuration to create virtual machines from templates
	- `fluxcd` includes fluxcd configuration to automatically deploy applications to a kubernetes cluster

# Services
List of services I currently run or want to run in the future.

The ones with the IPs fully written out are configured and running right now.

## Fundamentals
NTP, DNS, PXE, FTP and APT cache.

### NTP
.1

### Pi-hole
10.0.50.2

### AdGuard Home
.3

### LANcache
.4

### BIND9 (external-dns RFC2136 provider)
.5

### CoreDNS (`k8s_gateway` plugin)
.6

### apt-cacher-ng
10.0.50.9

## Identity, Secrets and Passwords
System and app auth, passwords for people and secrets for apps.

### Active Directory
.10

### FreeIPA main
.11

### FreeIPA backup
.12

### LLDAP
.13

### FreeRADIUS
.14

### Vaultwarden
.15

### Vault
.16

### Keycloak
10.0.50.17

### Authelia or Authentik
.18

### Smallstep CA
10.0.50.19

## Databases and Message Queues
Databases and message queues for applications.

### PostgreSQL
10.0.50.20

### MySQL
10.0.50.21

### RabbitMQ
.25

### Kafka
.26

### OpenSearch
.27-8

### Logstash
.29

## Monitoring
Tools for monitoring, logging, tracing and data visualization.

### Grafana
10.0.50.30

### Prometheus + Alertmanager
10.0.50.31

### InfluxDB
10.0.50.32

### Graphite
.33

### LibreNMS
.34

### Graylog
.35

### Gatus
.36

### Uptime Kuma
.37

### GlitchTip
.38

## Code-related infrastrucutre
Code analysis and git hosting plus container registry and helm repo.

### Nexus
.40

### Harbor
.41

### Chartmuseum
.42

### GitLab
10.0.50.45

### Forgejo
.46

### Sonarqube
.47

### Deepsource
.48

### Codecov
.49

## Kubernetes
Kubernetes nodes

### k3s main cluster loadbalanced API server
.50

### k3s control plane nodes
10.0.50.51-53

### k3s secondary cluster loadbalanced API server
.60

### k3s worker nodes
10.0.50.61-63

## Physical servers
Bare-metal machines where most things run on

### Proxmox loadbalanced endpoint
10.0.50.70

### Proxmox
10.0.50.71-73 (leave space for up to .75)

### TrueNAS
10.0.50.100

### Backup
10.0.50.101

## Non-clusterful applications
Can't or don't want to run these on kubernetes.

### Generic web server
.110

### Web server for local downloads/caching
.111

### NetBox
10.0.50.112

### HomeAssistant
.113

### ntfy
.114

### Jellyfin
.115

### Deluge
.116

### Archivebox
.117

### Github actions runner
.140

### Docker buildx
10.0.50.141-142

### Gitlab runners
.143-145

### k3s main cluster ingress
.150

### k3s main cluster metallb pool
.150-199

### cloudflared
10.0.50.201

Commit message:

remove apt-cacher-ng bind and osquery

README.md, after:

# infra
repository for my home infra using infrastructure as code

## things in here
explanation of main directories

- the 3 main ones:
	- `ansible` includes ansible automation being built for configuring the proxmox hosts as well as the virtual machines created with terraform
	- `terraform` includes terraform configuration to create virtual machines from templates
	- `fluxcd` includes fluxcd configuration to automatically deploy applications to a kubernetes cluster

# Services
List of services I currently run or want to run in the future.

The ones with the IPs fully written out are configured and running right now.

## Fundamentals
NTP, DNS, PXE and such.

### NTP
.1

### Pi-hole
10.0.50.2

### AdGuard Home
.3

### LANcache
.4

### CoreDNS (`k8s_gateway` plugin)
.6

### PXE (to be determined)
.7

## Identity, Secrets and Passwords
Authentication, authorization and secrets.

### SMB4 DC
.10

### FreeIPA main
.11

### FreeIPA backup
.12

### LLDAP
.13

### FreeRADIUS
.14

### Keycloak
10.0.50.17

### Authelia or Authentik
.18

### Vault
.18

### Smallstep CA
10.0.50.19

## Databases and Message Queues
Databases and message queues for applications.

### PostgreSQL
10.0.50.20

### MySQL
10.0.50.21

### RabbitMQ
.25

### Kafka
.26

### OpenSearch
.27-8

### Logstash
.29

## Monitoring
Tools for monitoring, logging, tracing and data visualization.

### Grafana
10.0.50.30

### Prometheus + Alertmanager
10.0.50.31

### InfluxDB
10.0.50.32

### Graphite
.33

### LibreNMS
.34

### Graylog
.35

### Gatus
.36

### Uptime Kuma
.37

### GlitchTip
.38

## Code-related infrastrucutre
Code analysis and git hosting plus container registry and helm repo.

### Nexus
.40

### Harbor
.41

### Chartmuseum
.42

### GitLab
10.0.50.45

### Forgejo
.46

### Sonarqube
.47

### Deepsource
.48

### Codecov
.49

## Kubernetes
Kubernetes nodes

### k3s main cluster loadbalanced API server
.50

### k3s control plane nodes
10.0.50.51-53

### k3s secondary cluster loadbalanced API server
.60

### k3s worker nodes
10.0.50.61-63

## Physical servers
Bare-metal machines where most things run on

### Proxmox loadbalanced endpoint
10.0.50.70

### Proxmox
10.0.50.71-73 (leave space for up to .75)

### TrueNAS
10.0.50.100

### Backup
10.0.50.101

## Non-clusterful applications
Can't or don't want to run these on kubernetes.

### Generic web server
.110

### Web server for local downloads/caching
.111

### NetBox
10.0.50.112

### HomeAssistant
.113

### ntfy
.114

### Jellyfin
.115

### Deluge
.116

### Archivebox
.117

### Vaultwarden
.118

### Github actions runner
.140

### Docker buildx
10.0.50.141-142

### Gitlab runners
.143-145

### k3s main cluster ingress
.150

### k3s main cluster metallb pool
.150-199

### cloudflared
10.0.50.201
